basic understanding of i-waiter
i-waiter is a food ordering system for restaurants or legit industries in the food
industry who want to sell their products online but lack the capital/time
to create a well functioning online ordering system
i-waiter will be available to anyone and everyone it provides a way to manage ur business
cash inflow (manage cash,inventory)..basically once you register you get your hr dept
...
registration is negotiable prices...
ie ur name,your email,your restaurant name to get started
...other info eg such as alink to your webpage ,payment method ie
through online orders ,delivery of foods are functionalities our team will be
helpful to set them up for you..we will provide support 24/7
...no hidden costs
..

the services offered by i-waiter will be 2 options
..help you setup two systems:
online food ordering(normal ordering service ..let us take your hotel/bistro/coffee hse online)
inhouse food ordering
both

inhouse food ordering systems
once this system is implemented..ill just give a rough example
client walks in ,on the table there is a tablet,/client is handed tablet by the waiter
..on tablet is the menu
client clicks on menu,selects food/drink he wants..presses ok
(can be displayed at side of menu)a receipt with total and food ordered is displayed..presses ok if satisfied
..presses back to make changes
payment method page pops up..ie debit,credit,paypal,mpesa
client selects payment method...follows process to pay.
once done confirmation message is shown presses okay..
timer starts on his meal..
page changes to main home page of restaurant...
ie about restaurant,cool pics and slideshows,
how food is made short video,
won awards etc..

in kitchen
on huge screen a notification is shown with tablet no as table number
and the order..timer begins to time delivery time.once done the system has an array
that loops through waiters and selects each to take an order.
the staff site has additional functions...
staff login ..on login if username has # logins as a chef..sees duties and extra
if you login as manager you see orders,inventory and basically everything..

i-waiter is integrated into your system creators offer support services.
